update doc for http prob annotation (#5026)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/app-health-check/index.md

<!-- Add samples YAML or kubectl patch? -->

> Rather than install Istio with different Helm option, you can annotate Pod with `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` under `spec.template.metadata.annotations`.  If you annotate under `metadata.annotations`, the annotation is ignored.

Reviewer: This wording assumes our customers use `Deployment`, which maybe 90% true for most cases. However, as I pointed out in the issue, it's possible other resources built on top of the Pod, like `ReplicaSet` etc. So it's not 100% accurate.

sidecar injector guru, @liamawhite  @ayj thoughts?

Reviewer: Hmm, I think it'll be fine if you mention "For `Deployment`, annotations should be in ....`.

> Rather than install Istio with different Helm option, you can annotate Pod with `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` under `spec.template.metadata.annotations`.  If you annotate under `metadata.annotations`, the annotation is ignored.

Reviewer 2: This clarification and warning seems inappropriate here. It's a general comment about how to add pod annotations to a deployment. Maybe there's some Kubernetes doc that this could point to: `you can [annotate the pod](link) with ...`

Author: k8s has docs for what is k8s objects (which includes pod), and annotate k8s objects so I tried to link those.

> Rather than install Istio with different Helm option, you can annotate the [Pod object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-overview/) with `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"`.  If you annotate any other [Kubernetes objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/#kubernetes-objects), the annotation will be ignored.

Author: updated

> Rather than install Istio with different Helm options, you can annotate the [Pod object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-overview/) with `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"`.  If you annotate any other [Kubernetes objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/#kubernetes-objects), the annotation will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rather than install Istio with different Helm options, you can [annotate the pod](/docs/reference/config/annotations/) with `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"`. Make sure you add the annotation to the [pod resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-overview/) because it will be ignored anywhere else (for example, on an enclosing deployment resource).
```
